snow was the real first test of winter
for a lot of Spokane drivers I had a
chance to ride along with trooper Troy
Briggs from the Washington State Patrol
to see what they have to deal with on a
day like this
what was your traffic significant snow
slick highways and drivers not ready for
winter conditions
trooper Troy Briggs knows it's a recipe
for accidents significant snowfall a
year usually we end up with I'm on i-90
near the Broadway accident to put things
into perspective in terms of snow across
the state since 9 o'clock yesterday
morning there's been more than 700
collisions across the state of
Washington just since nine o'clock this
morning in Spokane County there's been
24 collisions this kid behind me was
simply going too fast and slid right
into the guardrail 18-year old John Penn
iord was shaken up by the crash and says
he was surprised by the slick conditions
it changed a lot I mean really fast from
yesterday you know there was no snow
I remember hearing on the radio this
morning that you know we might get four
to ten inches
that's that's the biggest thing we see
speak too fast but you also see a lot of
following too close and what happens
then is if you get people that are
following too close and then there will
be something that happens ahead up here
and then when people get on the brakes
you know somebody that's fallen too
close panics and that'll usually end up
you know send them into the wall or you
know you know the other traffic and I
spoke to Trooper Briggs around five
o'clock he says the total number of
collisions in Spokane County on state
highways and roads as of five o'clock
was 63 and he says you can expect a
whole lot more as this weather continues